Hi guys and welcome back to my channel.
My name is Mika and today we are having
our matcha chitchat. I want to do it a
bit differently because why not? And
this is literally how my daily day
looks. I come down, get to a coffee and
drink my matcha. And today I want to
talk about money fasting your dream
life. First of all I want you to think
about your dream life. like what does it
look like? What do you do in your daily?
What do you have? And literally how you
want to feel in your dream life. Let's
say you want to manifest more money. You
want to manifest a Birkin bag. You want
to manifest that perfect partner. But
what is it exactly that you want?
Because when you're thinking about a
Birkin bag, when you're thinking about
manifesting something, when you're
thinking about something that you truly
want, it's not the thing itself that you
want. You want a feeling that is
connected with that. For example, you
want more money in order to feel
security. You want the perfect partner
in order to feel loved. You want that
perfect body in order to feel
comfortable in your skin. You want to
look beautiful in order to maybe get
attention from others. It's always
connected to a feeling. It's connected
to an experience and that experience has
an emotion connected to it. Right? So
you want to think about what feeling is
it that you want in your life. Now, when
you're thinking about that feeling, it's
obviously something that you don't have
in your life right now. Otherwise, you
wouldn't want it, right? If you're
feeling now happy, if you're feeling
fulfilled, you don't crave to feel happy
and fulfilled. If you're already having
a perfect partner that makes you feel
loved all the time, you are not craving
a partner that makes you feel loved. If
you're having all the money in the world
and you feel secure, you don't crave the
feeling of security. The problem now is
when you are craving a feeling that you
don't have, you are vibrating on a
specific vibration. You are operating
from a specific energy. Right? The thing
that no one really talks about is that
you only can attract what you already
are. Means you only can attract and
receive something from that same
vibration, from that same energy that
you already are. That's literally why
people say be delusional and act as you
already have. But of course, you cannot
act like you already have that car. You
cannot act like you already have a
million dollar in your bank account and
spend money when you don't have the
money. It's not about the thing itself.
You have to feel it already. You have to
operate and work from a version of you
that has it already. That's why it's so
important that you ask yourself, how
would that version of you that has a
million dollars operate in her daily
life? How would that version of you that
has the perfect partner, the provider
man in her life, that has the family
that you want, that has everything that
you want, how would she operate in her
daily? What would she tolerate? What do
she wouldn't tolerate? Now, a very
simple example. Let's say you want that
perfect partner and you have an exact
imagination of how that partner should
be, how he should treat you. And in your
now, in your daily day now, what you're
doing is that you're chasing men who
don't give you that. You're trying to
change a man who obviously is not what
you want. And what you do by that is
lowering your vibration. You put
yourself on a lower vibration in order
to change him. But when you're being on
this vibration, he can never be
something else. And someone else can
also not enter into your life and give
you that what you need. Another example,
let's say you want more money in order
to feel security in your life, right?
But you are constantly feeling insecure.
You are constantly feeling threatened by
expensive things. You're constantly
feeling like, "Oh, a $5 coffee is too
expensive. I can't afford that." Then
you are lowering your vibration and you
don't even open that vessel. You don't
open yourself to receive more money fell
from above and there is no tree above. I
take it as a sign and the sign is money
is falling from the sky for me. Now of
course this sounds way more easy than it
actually is because when you don't have
money like how the hell should you feel
secure? How should you be able to feel
like you can't afford a $5 coffee when
you only have $2 in your bank account? I
understand it's not that easy. No one
said it's easy, but when you understand
how it works, it's more easy to adjust.
Okay, so the first thing was get clear
what you want and with what feeling are
you connecting that and the second be
fine with or without it. You have to be
already feeling what you want to feel
with or without that thing. Now, for
example, my YouTube views are not that
much, right? But to be honest, for me, I
am fine with or without a million of
views because I know it's there already.
I am already operating from that
vibration because I'm completely fine
with and without it. When it comes,
great. when it doesn't come it's fine as
well. I am not depending on that one
thing. I am not depending on numbers. I
am doing my YouTube channel because I
genuinely enjoy doing it. Even if I have
10 views, 100 views, I would still do it
and enjoy doing it. And the second
thing, I do it because I want to help
people. So even if I help only one
person, I am already fine with it
because that's why I'm doing it right
now. You will ask yourself, okay, I
understand, but how do I get to that
vibration? How do I change that? And for
example, the thing with the partner,
when you want to attract that partner,
you know exactly how he is, how he is
treating you, you have that picture and
that feeling in front of you. You are
trying to feel that feeling every single
day, but you are still tolerating a man
that doesn't have that. You are lowering
your vibration. You have to stop
tolerating
what you don't want. Like when you are
in a relationship with someone that
treats you well, you would not tolerate
a man coming into your life that doesn't
treat you well. When you are having a
million of dollars, you would not say no
to a coffee for $5 and you would not
think or feel, wow, that's expensive. I
can't afford that. Like, I am literally
drinking my daily matcha that costs
around $10 every single day, even when I
have only $30 or $40 in my bank account.
Because it's not about money. Money is
as well just currency. Money is a
vibration. Money comes and goes. And I
know when I'm hanging on now on a matcha
for $10. And I'm feeling like, "Oh my
god, I can't afford that." I'm just
attracting more situations and
circumstances where I will feel like,
"Oh my god, I can't afford that." You
need to be very clear that everything
you do is coming from a specific
vibration, from an energy, right? And
you can choose if you're vibrating on a
lower vibration or you're vibrating on a
higher vibration. Of course, it takes
some time. Of course, it takes some
effort to change that. You have learned
through your whole life to accept the
bare minimum. You have learned through
your whole life to not spend too much
money. You have learned your whole life
to save money, to not buy an expensive
bag. You have learned your whole life
things that are not helping you to
manifest the life you truly want. But it
doesn't mean that you cannot stop now.
You can choose now to change and you can
choose now to think differently. You can
choose now to manifest what you truly
want. And the universe is not on a
budget. You can literally ask for
anything and it will come to you when
you're able to vibrate on that same
frequency for long enough. Now another
thing is maybe you are already vibrating
on that frequency. You are already
saying no to everything that doesn't
align with your vision with your
manifestations.
But still it hasn't shown up. And that's
because there is a gap between the
vibration that frequency and what truly
shows in your three-dimensional world.
It takes some time and you cannot expect
to completely outsmart your whole past
and outsmart your whole frequency and
reality within one day when you have
operated 20 years in another frequency
in another energy in another vibration.
You need to give it some time and when
you are fine with or without it anyways
you are fine with or without it. And
then sooner or later that gap between
your frequency, the vibration you're on
and your three-dimensional world results
will collapse and it will show up in
your reality. You just need to be strong
in a sense. You need to have discipline.
And I feel like it's way too less talked
about discipline in that spiritual
manifestation world. Everyone says just
be and don't have discipline. don't do
anything. But that's wrong because you
need to have discipline. It needs
discipline to control yourself. And if
you cannot control yourself, you can
also not control the universe.
Obviously, and with discipline and
controlling yourself, I don't mean
suppress your emotions. I mean
controlling your emotions in a way that
they are beneficial for you. And you do
that by transmuting your emotions to
something that is beneficial for you.
And with discipline, I also don't mean
wake up at 6:00 a.m., drink your lemon
water, go to the gym. Discipline looks
for everyone very different. For me,
discipline is something completely
different than for you. Maybe for you,
discipline is waking up at 6:00 a.m.
It's not about what exactly you do. It's
about that you feel disciplined when you
are not disappointing yourself. You are
disciplined. You are honoring yourself
and your words and you are doing what
you know that you are supposed to do.
When you constantly neglect the things
you know you are supposed to do, you
know you should do, then you're not
disciplined. When you constantly do the
things you know you should do, you're
disciplined. You're proud of yourself.
You're honoring yourself. When you want
to have that glow up in your life, glow
up your finances, glow up your beauty,
glow up your everything, you need to be
disciplined. And discipline is the
biggest glow up. Discipline doesn't mean
anything else but honoring and
respecting your word, yourself enough to
do everything you know you're supposed
to do. But you have to be and feel
disciplined in order to have that glow
up and to manifest your dream life. Now
another thing is your previous you will
always come and doesn't want to die. So
it will always come with fears. It will
always feel threatened by your new
version of you. It will always be
threatened by you wanting change. This
is your old version of you. Your old
version of you has nothing to do with
your desired reality. When you keep
entertaining your old version of you,
feeling like a failure, feeling bad
about your past mistakes, you will only
attract more of that. You will be
trapped into your past. You will be
trapped into something that is not
relevant now. Right now, your past has
nothing to do with you. When someone
tells you, "Yeah, but you did this or
you did that." You say, "So what? I
changed and this is me right now. This
is the version that I am today. This is
the version that I am right now. What do
you want to do now?" You have to be so
super grounded with who you are in order
to be able to manifest the life you want
to live. Because again, when you would
imagine yourself now living the life you
want, you would say to anyone, "So what?
This is not me anymore. Yesterday, maybe
I only had $1 in my bank account. Today
looks different. So, if you want to
judge me on my $1 yesterday, you are not
anymore in my life. You are connected
with the past version of myself. And if
you're not willing to come with my new
version and change that perspective you
have of me, go. Please. I don't need you
in my life. I don't need anyone that is
holding on a version that is not me
anymore. And you literally have to
imagine yourself and your old version or
your many old versions like two
different people. Only that way also you
can glow up and take power of your life.
When you keep holding on to your past
mistakes, when you keep holding on to
the version that you were yesterday,
that you were a month ago, that you were
one year ago, you will not be able to
change. It's actually so simple and also
so difficult. But once you understand
how it works and once you just say,
listen, like I'm I'm going to try it.
I'm going to try it. From now on, I am a
different person. From now on, I don't
accept disrespect anymore. From now on,
I'm asking for help. From now on, I am
treating myself like a queen. Then
automatically, everything that doesn't
vibrate on this frequency with you will
fall away from you. Unless you go down
back to your old frequency. I have done
mistakes in my past, but I do not
identify with those anymore. I am not
the same person as I was last year. I am
not the same person as I was two years
ago. I am not the same person as I was a
month ago. I am continuously changing
and evolving. And people who want to
stay in my life, they have to come with
me. They have to keep evolving with me
otherwise they would fall away from my
life. I do not give anyone the power to
hold me back in my life. I don't give
anyone the opportunity to stand in my
way to reach my manifestations, my
goals. That's why of course it can be
lonely when you want that glow up of
your life. It can be very lonely because
many people are simply not having that
same vision in their minds. They don't
have that same vision of their life. if
they are not dreaming that big and they
let out the circumstances hold them back
make them smaller and yes it's sad but
you have to distance yourself from those
people I don't say cut them off I don't
say remove them I say distance yourself
and even if it's lonely staying alone is
better than staying with people that
hold you back that stand in your way
that do anything that doesn't help you
grow and evolve. You will never ever be
able to live your fullest potential if
you keep holding on to things and people
and circumstances that keep you small,
that hold you back, that cannot let go
of that old version of you. And that's
why you have to be strong in that sense
and disciplined to say no to everything
that doesn't serve your highest good and
say yes to everything that does serve
your highest good. Everything that is
bringing you further in your life. And
another thing is that attention goes
over intention. When your intention is
to find a job, but your attention goes
to what could go wrong, how many people
didn't make it, what are the mistakes
that other people did, and all the
negative things. Even though your
intention goes to looking for a job, you
will experience the negative. So, you
need to align your intention with your
attention. When your intention is to
find a great partner, your attention
must go to everything good. Your
attention must go to people who have
found their great partner. Your
attention must go to people who are like
your perfect partner. When you're trying
to make more money, but you keep
focusing on how it could go wrong, you
will experience ways how it could go
wrong. And you need to focus on the good
things. You need to focus and put all
your energy into thinking about how it
can work out. Focus and put your energy
into things that will make you believe
more it will work out will make you
focus on the positive aspect. Now
whether this is new to you or it was
like a reminder for you, I want you to
be delusional and always think about the
best way outcome. Never think about
worst outcome, worst possibilities. Make
yourself up scenarios how it could work
out. Instead of making up scenarios how
it couldn't work out, whatever it is,
there are so many ways it can work out.
But you need to focus on that instead of
focusing on how it can't work out.
Anyways guys, I hope this could help.
I'm done with my matcha. And let me know
if you liked our matcha chithat, if you
want me to do that more often. Thank you
so much for watching. I love you so, so
much. And always remember, you can do
it. When I can, you can do too. Bye-bye.